So a typical GAN aims to generate a realistic looking image from a latent vector z.
But, in image to image translation tasks,
we want a generator to locate an input image and produce the desired output.
The example of dataset might look like this,
paired data x and y.
With sketches or edge as input images,
x, and complete target images, y.
So for an input image x and the desired output y,
we want a generator to learn a mapping G between x and y.
The notation work for mapping like this is G from x to y.
The mapping is just a mathematical transformation from one image into another.
In this case, the mapping function G is a neural network,
and we want G of x to generate an output that
is indistinguishable from a true desired output image y.
Originally proposed by Isola,
myself, Josh, and Efros,
pix2pix architecture uses a conditional generative adversarial network,
seekend, to learn a mapping from the input image to an output image.
This architecture includes a generator and the discriminator,
just like a typical GAN,
but with a couple of differences.
So with your typical GAN,
we saw that a generator would turn a vector z into a generate image.
So how can we change it?
So that he is taking an image x and produce a new image, G of x.
One way to approach this task is to add some initial layers to the generator.
Had 10 input sketch into a vector representations of that image.
Then, we can proceed as usual with a serious layers that absent polar vector,
to produce a new, realistic and looking output image.
So what has changed from a typical DC GAN?
It's the additioning of layers, hatching
an input sketch into a smaller future level representations.
This posturing of the generator is often called the encoder.
The encoder is a series of
convolutional and batch norm layers with some activation functions.
The idea is that by compressing the input image,
the encoder worlin to distill some information about the content of
the input image and encode it into a smaller feature level representation.
Then, the decoder portion of
each generator just looks like the same as a typical generator.
A series of D convolutional layers,
and activation functions sat cleverly reverse the actions of the encoder layers.
The decoder will look at the feature level or partitioning of
a sketch image and use that to generate a realistic looking output image.
So in sum, the generator is responsible for applying
a transformation to the input image x to generate output image.
Once a generated [inaudible] ,
this transformation will be the mapping we'll
use to generate new images from new sketches.
So once we have this generator,
we can then link its output to the discriminator,
which will try to characterized the image as real or fake as usual.
So, I'm going to call this input sketch x,
and G of x will be a very thick looking generate image.
So now, we are left with only one issue.
So the discriminator should identify this generate image G of x as a real image.
But now, it will also identify this purse as a real image,
even though it has nothing to do with the input sketch.
In the next video,
we will find a way to link the input sketch to the output image.